hello everybody I wanted to do a quick
video just to show off my liquid storage
area / my taggers construct area those
the the steel tanks are just other
liquid I'm probably do two maybe three
stories probably just do
and then the black tanks hold all my
molten metals for tinkers construct so
this is the first computer craft program
I've ever written I know not very much
about computers or computer craft or Lua
writing but I was able to piece together
this code with some help from people and
a lot of research so without further ado
this is it I have different liquids here
subsidy and iron gold yada yada any
liquid they interested in queuing into
this tank that has the faucets the
casting basin and the tables on it you
right-click on the material highlights
it green for you and it fills it into
this tank through this little channel
and then you can go whatever cast you
need in here oh you're gonna make a
sword water anyway you fill it up once
that's done it stays full because it's
being pumped from that tank which is
being pumped from I think it's up there
a tank it has Arthur there purple mini
only a minute and then you can clear the
tank by pressing clear tank and I'm
highlights the green or the other green
reprints back to the screen empty tank
if you want to make something out of
steel you can right click steel and it
fills up the tank so that is it and
that's what it looks like to use I
really like I've never seen any wants to
do anything like this but I mean I
haven't seen a lot of people do things
I'm sure it's not unique but maybe in
the way I'm doing it is unique so hope
you guys enjoyed it and then walk really
quickly they should kind of show you
what it looks like behind the scenes is
that the computers right here it's kind
of I just did print the screen for
different debugging features
the monitors the left goes down
activates a redstone signal and the
liquid duct to pull out the liquid when
clear tank has been pressed and sucks it
back to be or I filtered after those
tanks and then any other button you
press it goes through the bundled cables
here at different colors all correspond
to a different metal and they're all
separated by brick strips or yeah brick
strips so that they don't get
intertwined
also to be a line of redstone and
everything would try to activate at the
same time
halfway through I switch from fluid
ducts teff under fluid ducts conduits
and they work much better there's a lot
wasted when you run a lot of distance
and fluid ducts but it works well and
these are this is a liquid that I have a
lot of I'm not worried about wasting any
so that's basically how it works and I
hope you guys like it if you have any
questions let me know and I could try to
answer them I don't know much about
computer craft I'll put the pastebin up
if your interest and just seeing what it
looks like and definitely have a really
good day guys
good bye